{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Adam Greenfield}
{\*\company Urbanscale}
{\*\copyright \'a92010 Urbanscale LLC}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh14740\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 PRIMARY NAVIGATION
\b0 \
\
0. Home\
1. About\
2. Make a Safety Map\
3. See meeting points other people have chosen\
4. Links\
\

\b 	> 1.1 About Safety Maps\
	> 1.2 About Do projects\
\
> 2. Make a Safety Map\
	> 2.1 Explanation\
	
\b0 By answering these few simple questions, you can make a custom map of a 	place you think it will be safe* for your friends, family or loved ones to meet in 	the event of an emergency.\
\
	You can print this map out in a variety of formats, share it via email, or both. 	Either way, you'll be able to include a personal message to recipients. \
\
	Are you ready to get started?\

\b \
	> 2.1.1 Input text for [user_nickname]\

\b0 	What's your name or nickname?\
\

\b 	> 2.1.2 Input text for [recipient1_name]\

\b0 	Who's this map for?\
\

\b 	> 2.1.3 Input text for [emergency_specified]\

\b0 	What kind of emergency is this map for?\
\

\b 	> 2.1.4 Input text for [map_name]\

\b0 	What would you like to call this meeting place? (You can call it anything you \
	like.)\
\

\b 	> 2.1.5 Input text for [personal_note]\

\b0 	If you like, you can include a personal note for [recipient1_name]. (Please note \
	that everyone you send this map to will get the same note.)\
\

\b 		> 2.1.5.1 Personal note privacy (radio button)\

\b0 		[  ] Make this note public? [?]\
		[  ] This note is private. [?]\
\

\b 			> 2.1.5.1.1 "Public" definition\

\b0 			This note will be displayed alongside the place you selected on 			the \cf2 collective map [Page 3.0]\cf0 . Anybody who visits the site will be 			able to read it.\
\

\b 			> 2.1.5.1.2 "Private" definition\

\b0 			This note will be printed on whatever cards you make and share, 			but nobody other than the recipients you choose will be able to 			read it.\

\b \
	> 2.2.1
\b0  
\b Selection completed text\

\b0 	Now that you've chosen a safe place to meet, you're ready to make and print a 	wallet-sized card to share with your friends and loved ones.\
\

\b 	> 2.2.2
\b0  
\b Selection completed/input for [recipient1_name recipient1_email...]\

\b0 	Enter the names and email addresses of people you'd like to share this Safety 	Map with.\
\

\b 		> 2.2.2.1
\b0  
\b Share text
\b0 \
		Hi! [user_firstname user_lastname] has shared a Safety Map with you. 		This is a location [user_firstname] has chosen as a safe place to meet in 		the event of a disaster or other emergency.\
\
		\'95 Click here to see and print the Safety Map [user_firstname] made for 		you.\
		\'95 ...or here to make, print and share your own Safety Map.\
\

\b 	> 2.00
\b0  
\b Exception: Site selected is not on land
\b0 \
	I'm sorry, the meeting point you've chosen seems to be a little wet. Maybe it 	would be better if you chose a point on land?\
\

\b 	> 2.00
\b0  
\b Exception: Site selected is at wrong zoom level\

\b0 	Hmm, it looks like you've selected a pretty big chunk of land. It might be difficult 	for your loved ones to find you. We recommend zooming in a bit.\
\

\b > 5.00
\b0  
\b On return to site
\b0 \
See the previous Safety Maps you've made:\
\'95 [map1_name] [map1_date]\
\'95 [map2_name] [map2_date]\
\'95 [mapN_name] [mapN_date]\
\
...or make a new one.\
\
}